| Key | Value                                                        |
| --- |--------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 19-03-2024                                                   |
| Time: | 13:45 - 14:30                                                |
| Location: | Drebbelweg-PC Hall 1 (Cubicle 14)                            |
| Chair | Tom van Leest                                             |
| Minute Taker | Artur Iurasov                                              |
| Attendees: | Tim Guldenmundt, Horia Botezatu, Ilia Ilinsky, Tautvydas Kuklys |

## Agenda Items:
Opening by chair (1 min)
- Discussed midterms. 
- TA announcement: This week, we will be graded on the front-end part and testing of the project. Next week, our project pitch will be graded. The pitch can be a video, presentation, or word document. It must be professional. Consider avoiding videos due to time constraints.

- Retrospectives and task division should be included in our formal meetings with the TA.

Check -in: How is everyone doing? Did everybody reach the knockout criteria of last week? (2 min)
- Yes, every one reached knockout criteria of last week.
Are there any announcements by the team (2 min)
- No additional announcements.

Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
- No additions.
Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)
- Yes, everybody is satisfied with the notes for the last week.

Presentation of the current app to TA (2 min)

- We skipped this part to present it in the end of the meeting.

1. Reflect on the Buddy Check Assignment (3 min)
- Three of us failed the assignment. We need to improve our use of the feedback template provided.
2. Reflect on the Task and Planning Assessment (5 min)
- During our next informal meeting in Flux, we should thoroughly review the assessment.
We received an insufficient score for communication. Going forward, let’s ensure we include time estimates when creating merge requests.
3. Reflect on the Work of the Past 2 Weeks: Quality and Quantity? (5 min)
- Everyone should update the issues they have completed promptly to avoid last-minute rush.
- Note that the later weeks’ work carries more weight for the final grade (a question for the TA).
- Merge requests should not remain open for more than a day.
4. Reflect on the Technology and Code Contributions and Reviews Assessments (5 min)
- Tom dedicated significant effort to hashing specific events, allowing us to create unique links for event invitations.
- To meet our functionality goals in the next two weeks, we need to increase our pace.
- Code refactoring is essential, as different team members follow varying naming conventions.
- Next week, our focus should be on completing APIs.
5. Resume Thursday’s Meeting About the Coming Weeks (5 min)
- Let’s add time stamps to last week’s issues for better tracking.
- Talked about how should we implement colorblind mode, we will probably just make all colours black and white, since it is easy to distinguish on the contrast. We should put images on buttons (probably at the top of the screen) since in is part of the grade.

6. Work Distribution for This Week (5 min)
- Tom: Make the invite page fully responsive.
- Tautvydas: Working on the statistics page, resolving merge conflicts with Ilia.
- Horhia: Design for the expense page + fix API issues.
- Arthur: Complete transaction API tests and endpoints + revisit the proposed color combination from the first week.
- Illia: try to do event page fully responsive.
- Tim: will do the admin page.

Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (5 min)


Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)
- All of the team members had the same issue: they underestimated the meedterms and wasn't been able to do a lot of work during the last week. 


Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? (2 min)
- We have a bit of time left. Finished quicker then expected. 
Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)
- No, everybody is satisfied with points discussed.
- Ilia will be a minute taker and Tautvydas will be a chair.
Closure (1 min)
- We will continue or meeting at flux, where will discuss issues further. 