| Key | Value                                                        |
| --- |--------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 02-04-2024                                                   |
| Time: | 13:45 - 14:30                                                |
| Location: | Drebbelweg-PC Hall 1 (Cubicle 14)                            |
| Chair | Horia Botezatu                                               |
| Minute Taker | Tim Guldenmundt                                              |
| Attendees: | Ilia Ilinsky, Tautvydas Kuklys, Artur Iurasov, Tom van Leest |

## Agenda Items:
Opening by chair (1 min)

Check-in: How is everyone doing? Did everybody reach the knockout criteria of last week? (2 min)


Are there any announcements by the TA? (2 min)
- The deadline for the self reflection draft is at the end of this week

Are there any announcements by the team? (2 min)
- There are no further announcements by any member of the team

Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
- There are no additions to the agenda

Sprint retrospective:
1. Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)
- Everyone read the last minutes and approves them
2. Reflection on the work distribution of last week. Did everyone manage to do their part? (5 min)
- Did the planing improve? yes it did, for the first time we used milestones and issues correctly, we are on the right track as far as we are aware.
From now on everyone should move the issue's corresponding to their work themselves, but only if it is fully funtional and tested


- Is the admin page fully functional? no, there are still some issue's like the import of jsons and last modified date


- Edit expense page functional? yes, pretty much done, added notifications for important events


- Websockets fully working? Most of it, not for the admin page and there are still a few bugs needed fixing.


- Removing people from event? Works now, there also is a popup screens for when removing a person or adding a person


- Debt fully working? yes, apart from marking a debt to be settled as there were some questions regarding how this should be implemented, there also should be a debt overview scene


- Event page responsive? It is, tom figured out how to do the icons and will add icons to all pages


- Are we able to send emails? no, tom has put many hours into it and can't seem to get it to work, needs someone to help him, but we will focus on other requirements first


- Is the language switch fully functional? It is functional, but not all pages have been edited for it to work since it is a lot of work


- Was any additional work done? yes but not a lot, arthur has looked a bit into css, but it still hard, tom made a server switch and horia made it so that you can join events from past events
- 
3. Reflect on the quality and quantity of the work of last week. (3 min)
- tom suggested that when you are done early you can find some small thing
- Tim had a bit to much to do bc it was harder than it looked at first, we will divide that part more this week
4. Reflect on the basic requirements part of our application. (3 min)
- Admin page still has some problems, but most of the clients part is functional, apart from some bugs. We also added some small bonus requirements.
- For the client we only need the translation
5. Reflect on the bonus requirements, HCI, and design. (3 min)
- We have already added some bonus requirements, we still need to look at the HCI and maybe the design as we are not sure black and white will be sufficient for the gradient rubric

Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (10 min)
We will mainly work on fixing the basic requirements:
- horia and ilia will fix the websockets and bugs and look at the last modified date
- Tom and Tautvydas will work on the language and Tom will also look at the HCI.
- Ilia suggest to go through the rubrics and implement some of the features we scored insufficient for.
- we will all work on some test as our current project is tested very poorly.
- Tim will look at importing jsons.
- Arthur will work on the debt page and add a new page to show a overview of everyone's debt
- everyone will work on the self reflect as the deadline is this week

Presentation of the current app to TA (3 min)

Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)
- horia should have uploaded the agenda sooner, and we should have reminded the chair to do so
- this week we had a good overview of what was done and what still needs to be done
Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (2 min)
- Almost perfect
Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
Closure (1 min)