| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | 20-02-2024 |
| Time: | 14:45 - 15:30 |
| Location: | Drebbelweg-PC Hall 1 (Cubical 14) |
| Chair | Artur Iurasov |
| Minute Taker | Tom van Leest |
| Attendees: | Horia Botezatu, Ilia Ilinsky, Tautvydas Kuklys |

## Agenda Items:
Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (How is the progress on git assignment?) (5 min)
Everyone was well, except Tim who stayed home due to sickness. Git assignment: Horia and Tom are done, the rest is about halfway.

- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
The agenda is approved. We also talked about how we should pay attention to making a great checkstyle document so we can start coding in the same style after that. This is added as an activity on Thursday.

- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the TA notes from the previous meeting? (2 min)
Reminders: Not being on your phone during the meeting and everyone is encouraged to share their thoughts as much as possible. If you don't understand something, ask it. 
discussion of previous coding experiences (from feedback of last weeks meeting):
this was addressed but talked about during the main talking points therefore the notes on this are there as well.


#### Main Talking Points:
1. Proposition on how we can improve our meeting structure and productivity (3 min)
- important point: discussing the possibility of how to join meetings when sick or unavailable to come. Something like discord or zoom calls.
- During a certain subject, do not let the conversation stray too much from the point/subject.

2. Discuss coding experiences and previous usage of REST (5 min)
coding experiences:
- Ilia: little bit of experience, but no big projects of apps. Passed OOP with a 9, but not the WEB part of WEB AND DAT. focused on ADS. He is open to do it.
- Tom: No experience before attending this study, passed OOP after a reset and passed WEB&DAT reasonably well.
- Tautvydas: Before uni he got experience in his highschool and did an internship on a company, as well as some freelance that is relatable to WEB&DAT? He now has a parttime job and passed the courses pretty well. Unable to come to meetings on Thursdays because of this parttime job.
- Horia: participated in Olympias before uni, one big project: a C sharp game with his own engine(?). did like 2 or 3 easy Python freelance projects. He passed al his exams, and his WEB grade was a 7.8, and has used/made 1 API (which was pretty trivial) and eager to learn more
- Artur: Before uni, focused on Physiscs, therefore not as much coding experience, although some with C++ with exercises in Leetcode, also passed all the courses, and did the W&D assignments.
- Tim's coding experience will be talked about next meeting or on the coming Thursday if he can make it.

- previous usage of REST:
Tom did the WEB assignment, Tautvydas as well but had additional experience with one of his own projects (although he was not as serious in its usage and adoption as after WEB&DAT). Ilia has no experience and therefore suggested to work with someone more experienced on features involving REST. Horia also did the first WEB assignment and Artur has an equivalent understanding of REST as him.

3. Discuss what part of the team assignment each team member would be comfortable with doing (front end/back end)? (7 min)
- Ilia: preference to get help with the rest/ web part
- Tauvydas: more enjoyment on back-end so preference on that
- Horia: more looking forward to the back-end, also confident on the front-end ( not very much better in the one or the other), but really wants to understand the back-end
- Artur: also has a preference for back-end about has good experience in frontend
- Tom: has no preference  for front-end or back-end
- Tim: needs to answer this on either a Thursday or during next meeting

- How do we control (how is it checked) that everyone works on everything?
TA suggests to try to divide is as equally as possible, 1/6th of the front and 1/6th of the backend for everyone for example.

- distribute tasks and draw a picture of what we should do and how with this assignment:
meeting at Thursday:
we finish the code of conduct 
we finish the Checkstyle
the start by making a collective design 
then everyone will work on a certain page so we can get to a hundred lines of code

So, we collectively make the code of conduct complete and finish the Checkstyle. Team members that are not attending this Thursday will be kept up-to-date and are able to make changes and suggestions as well.

4. Sketch of how we should start with Splitty assignment and assign first tasks to each team member (10 min)

We start by making our Checkstyle so that every code that follows has the same style adapted to it so we are able to follow and understand each other's code more easily and giving a more uniform layout.
Then this week we will make the largest part of our front end so that we can make our backend after that in the weeks following. Together we make a uniform layout, after which we assign certain pages to different team members. This happens on Thursday 22/02.



- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (3 min)

Everyone except Tautvydas is expected to be there on Thursday at 10:30 am. We will collectively work on the code of conduct, make the checkstyle and then individually work on certain pages for our app so we can get our front-end going and later work on the backend (easier this way)
We expect the largest part of the front-end pages to be done, but in the following days we can work further to finish our pages and get the lines, commits and merges needed for this week. During these days we take time to help each other if needed.

- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)

Everybody was happy with how Artur managed the meeting. Perhaps next time Artur should be the one trying to not let the conversation stray too far from the subject, but it was not an obstacle during this meeting.

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/
why did you misestimate? (2 min)

Pretty accurate, the meeting was finished in time.

- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)

No extra comments. Tom will be the one to update Tim with everything that is said during this meeting.

- Closure (1 min)
    things to pay attention to next meeting:
    - do we want a punishment for people who are too late or not there at meetings (also add this in the code of conduct if necessary)
    - does Tim have questions about the previous meeting? (or anyone else)