| Key | Value                                                        |
| --- |--------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 05-03-2024                                                   |
| Time: | 13:45 - 14:30                                                |
| Location: | Drebbelweg-PC Hall 1 (Cubical 14)                            |
| Chair | Tim Guldenmundt                                              |
| Minute Taker | Horia Botezatu                                               |
| Attendees: | Artur Iurasov, Tom van Leest, Ilia Ilinsky, Tautvydas Kuklys |

## Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check -in: How is everyone doing? Did everybody reach the knockout criteria of last week? (2 min)
  - Everybody is doing well. Everybody passed calculus, so this is indeed good news. Kasper told us that the 2nd week will not count when it comes to the contribution tot the project.
- Are there any announcements by the team (2 min)
  - There are no major announcements by the team.
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
  - Nobody proposes any additions to the agenda.
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)
 - Everybody read the updated agenda, and all of us think it was clear and well done.
- Presentation of the current app to TA (2 min)
  - We did most of the front end connectivity between the pages, but we still have to add the 2 that had problems. This will be handled today by Tom.
  - We also mentioned to Kasper that we also have tried to connect both the front-end and back-end for one functionality of the expense page. We succeeded but there is a long way to go until everything will work properly.
  - Kasper recommended us to work on task planing more. He also mentioned that the weekly contribution for the next week will count for week 6.
#### Main Talking Points
1. Reflect on the Code of Conduct assignment. What went well? What could we have done better? Are we happy with the result? (3 min)
   - We think we got a good grade, there are some tweaks that we think we might add in the future.
   - We agree on the fact that starting working on it earlier was the best choice, and we also decided to stick to this practice for the rest of the project.
2. Reflect on last week's work. Did we finish the front end? Is there any more work required? (4 min)
  - We got 90% percent of the front-end done due to some problems with some of the pages.
3. What will we be working on this week? How we will make sure we each reach 100+ lines of code? (5 min)
 - For this week we will focus more on:
   - finishing the api
   - starting connecting the front-end and the back-end
   - making changes to the database, Horia proposed this, as he said that the many-to-many relationship in our database will cause data redundancy which will just slow down the app
   - understanding more about prepared statements
   - updating the milestones and issues, also incorporate the expected time for each of them
4. How will we distribute the work for this week? (5 min)
 - We plan on doing the work as efficient as possible. Also, we want to implement more structure.
 - Distributing the work will be done after the session, as Tim proposed.
 - The previous week we split into teams for finishing the api, and we plan on sticking to them at least for the api part:
   - Horia works with Ilia on the event part of the api.
   - Tom works with Artur on the transaction part.
   - Tim works with Tautvydas on the person endpoint.
5. Talk about this week's assignment: buddycheck. How will we make sure we all finish it before the deadline? (3 min)
 - We plan on making it as early as possible.
 - We agreed that to eliminate procrastination during the meeting on Thursday, and also let everybody think about it, everyone will do it alone at home.
6. How do we like using issue's and milestones? How could we improve using them? (3 min)
 - We agreed on improving the quality of the milestones, make them for the long term, and add more issues to them. We want to prioritize everything, so we will use the tags that Tom created last week. Also, we will take a look in the grading rubric as Kasper suggested us to, just to see where we can improve and learn more about what GitLab has to offer us.

Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (5 min)
- We think we did good on code of conduct by setting an early deadline. Almost completed the front-end, we will finish the basics today, this week everybody will be working on the back-end.
- We agree on distributing the work properly.
- We will finish the buddycheck on time.
- For the next week we will all meet on thursday after the IDM exam to work on the project.

Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)
- The meeting was well-structured thanks to Tim, we all agreed that he did an amazing job setting up this meeting. 

Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? (2 min)
- The meeting was finished on time.

Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)
- Nobody has anything to add.

Closure (1 min)
- We will go to Flux to work on the last bits of the basic front-end and also discuss the task distribution and planning for the next couple of weeks. Next time Tom will be the chair and Artur will be the minute taker.